[OSDOCS#16946]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-2 (#114626)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/persistent-storage-flexvolume-consuming.adoc

Reviewer: Check the preview to see if this is the correct formatting.
```suggestion
`spec.flexVolume.options`:: Specifies the additional options for the FlexVolume driver. In addition to the flags specified by the user in the `options` field, the following flags are also passed to the executable: 
+
--
"fsType":"<FS type>",
"readwrite":"<rw>",
"secret/key1":"<secret1>"
...
"secret/keyN":"<secretN>"
--
```

Reviewer: Sorry. I formatted this incorrectly. Try

```
`spec.flexVolume.options`:: Specifies the additional options for the FlexVolume driver. In addition to the flags specified by the user in the `options` field, the following flags are also passed to the executable:
+
--
* `"fsType":"<FS type>"`
* `"readwrite":"<rw>"`
* `"secret/key1":"<secret1>"`
* `"secret/keyN":"<secretN>"`
--
```

[id="flexvolume-driver-consuming_{context}"]

> = Consuming storage using FlexVolume drivers
> 
> [role="_abstract"]
> Each `PersistentVolume` object in {product-title} represents one storage asset in the storage back-end, such as a volume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
You can consume a Fibre Channel volume by using a `PersistentVolume` object.

Each `PersistentVolume` object in {product-title} represents one storage asset in the storage back-end, such as a volume.
```

Reviewer: Did you see this one?
